Thank you for the work you are currently doing to help [insert mission here]. We believe that non-profits are best positioned to solve some of the bigger local issues, and we want to help.

Code For DC helps  non-profits and orgs address civic and social issues challenging the community here in DC. We bring together inspired technologists and concerned volunteers and partner with local groups to understand their issues and problems and work to create a technical solution or products.

A few projects we accomplished:
We helped the DC Abortion Fund move from excel spreadsheets to an online application to track cases, status and help their clients navigate their care more easily.
We created a site that helps DC residents easily find and understand their local ANCs, so they can get involved politically at the local level
We collaborated with the Georgetown Law clinic to create an automated tool that helps people get the convictions or records expunged as laws have changed. 


There have been many technology advances, but many nonprofits don't have the funding, technical skills, awareness, or time to leverage new tools to streamline their efforts. We believe that non profits know their issues, problems and pain points, and we are looking to see if and where we can help. 

Code For DC helps nonprofits advance their missions with volunteer help from diverse technologists and activists who have a heart for service, and want to address local civic and social issues. We meet regularly online and in person, so volunteers can connect, brainstorm and create technology to address community needs. 

If your nonprofit has certain issues or needs, and is interested in receiving free support from CodeForDC and our community of volunteers, please respond to this email, and we can set up a time to talk to see understand your issues, and how we might be able to serve.

We appreciate your time and consideration and hope to discuss potential ideas with you in more detail.

Best,

<sender_name>
